Add full tab completion user guide for PowerShell (#3648)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs-cli: docs-ref-conceptual/install-azure-cli-windows.md

You can now run the Azure CLI with the `az` command from either Windows Command Prompt or PowerShell.

## Enable Tab Completion on PowerShell

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"When typing in a command followed by a parameter, pressing the tab key will display a list of available options for that parameter. This saves you time and effort in remembering specific arguments or looking them up in the reference documentation.  This capability applies to commands and parameters and also extends to values such as account name and subscription name."
```

> When typing in a command followed by a parameter, pressing the tab key will trigger the completion. This saves you time and effort in remembering specific arguments or looking them up in the reference documentation. This capability applies to commands and parameters and also extends to values such as account name and subscription name.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When typing in a command followed by a parameter, pressing the tab key will trigger tab completion. This saves your time and effort in remembering specific arguments or looking them up in the reference documentation. This capability applies to commands and parameters and also extends to values such as account name and subscription name.
```

> When typing in a command followed by a parameter, pressing the tab key will trigger the completion. This saves you time and effort in remembering specific arguments or looking them up in the reference documentation. This capability applies to commands and parameters and also extends to values such as account name and subscription name.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
PowerShell provides completion on inputs to provide hints, enable discovery and speed up input entry. Command names, command group names, parameters and certain parameter values can be completed by pressing the `Tab` key.
```

> To enable tab completion for the Azure CLI on PowerShell, you need to have version 2.49 or higher installed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable tab completion for Azure CLI in PowerShell, you need to have version 2.49 or higher installed. Once enabled, press the <kbd>Tab</kbd> key to trigger it. Its capability applies to commands and arguments and also extends to values such as account name and subscription name.
```

> To enable tab completion for the Azure CLI on PowerShell, you need to have version 2.49 or higher installed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Azure CLI version 2.49 or higher is required to enable tab completion for Azure CLI on PowerShell.
```

> When typing in a command followed by a parameter, pressing the tab key will trigger the completion. This saves you time and effort in remembering specific arguments or looking them up in the reference documentation. This capability applies to commands and parameters and also extends to values such as account name and subscription name.
> 
> To enable tab completion for the Azure CLI on PowerShell, you need to have version 2.49 or higher installed.
> 
> To add tab completion, create or edit the profile stored in the variable `$PROFILE`. The simplest way is to run `notepad $PROFILE` in PowerShell. For more information, see [How to create your profile](/powershell/module/microsoft.powershell.core/about/about_profiles#how-to-create-a-profile) and [Profiles and execution policy](/powershell/module/microsoft.powershell.core/about/about_profiles#profiles-and-execution-policy).
> 
> Add the following code to your profile:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[!Note]
Tab completion in PowerShell requires Azure CLI 2.49 or higher.

When tab completion is enabled, you can press <kbd>Tab</kbd> key to trigger it. Tab completion applies to commands and arguments and also extends to values such as resource group name. This saves your time and effort in remembering them or looking them up in the reference documentation. 

To enable tab completion in PowerShell, create or edit the profile file denoted by the variable `$PROFILE`. The simplest way is to run `notepad $PROFILE` in PowerShell. For more information, see [How to create your profile](/powershell/module/microsoft.powershell.core/about/about_profiles#how-to-create-a-profile) and [Profiles and execution policy](/powershell/module/microsoft.powershell.core/about/about_profiles#profiles-and-execution-policy).

Then add the following code to your profile:
```

Reviewer 2: I haven't looked into whether account name or subscription name can be auto-completed. They are also not used very frequently. Resource group name is a more general one.

```powershell
Register-ArgumentCompleter -Native -CommandName az -ScriptBlock {
    param($commandName, $wordToComplete, $cursorPosition)
    $completion_file = New-TemporaryFile
    $env:ARGCOMPLETE_USE_TEMPFILES = 1
    $env:_ARGCOMPLETE_STDOUT_FILENAME = $completion_file
    $env:COMP_LINE = $wordToComplete
    $env:COMP_POINT = $cursorPosition
    $env:_ARGCOMPLETE = 1
    $env:_ARGCOMPLETE_SUPPRESS_SPACE = 0
    $env:_ARGCOMPLETE_IFS = "`n"
    az 2>&1 | Out-Null
    Get-Content $completion_file | Sort-Object | ForEach-Object {
        [System.Management.Automation.CompletionResult]::new($_, $_, "ParameterValue", $_)
    }
    Remove-Item $completion_file, Env:\_ARGCOMPLETE_STDOUT_FILENAME, Env:\ARGCOMPLETE_USE_TEMPFILES, Env:\COMP_LINE, Env:\COMP_POINT, Env:\_ARGCOMPLETE, Env:\_ARGCOMPLETE_SUPPRESS_SPACE, Env:\_ARGCOMPLETE_IFS
}
```

> To display all available options in the menu, add `Set-PSReadlineKeyHandler -Key Tab -Function MenuComplete` in `$PROFILE`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To display all available options in a menu, add `Set-PSReadlineKeyHandler -Key Tab -Function MenuComplete` in `$PROFILE`.
```

Reviewer 3: Can you specify where this line should be in the profile? At the end or beginning?

Author: Adding it to anywhere should be fine.
Yes, all completion style changes.

You can now run the Azure CLI with the `az` command from either Windows Command Prompt or PowerShell.

## Enable Tab Completion on PowerShell

> PowerShell provides completion on inputs to provide hints, enable discovery and speed up input entry. Command names, command group names, parameters and certain parameter values can be completed by pressing the <kbd>Tab</kbd> key.

Reviewer 2: Our in-tool help uses "argument", instead of "parameter".

> When typing in a command followed by a parameter, pressing the tab key will display a list of available options for that parameter. This saves you time and effort in remembering specific arguments or looking them up in the reference documentation.  This capability applies to commands and parameters and also extends to values such as account name and subscription name.

Reviewer 2: On Bash, the first <kbd>Tab</kbd> key press auto-completes if there is only one available option. Otherwise, the second <kbd>Tab</kbd> key press shows all available options. Is this the same for PowerShell? If so, we need to make the doc more accurate.

Author: I use Zsh as default shell, the PowerShell behavior is similar to Zsh.

This is a brief introduction, I think we don't need to go into the details.

> [!Note]
> Azure CLI version 2.49 or higher is required to enable tab completion for Azure CLI on PowerShell.

> To add tab completion, create or edit the profile stored in the variable `$PROFILE`. The simplest way is to run `notepad $PROFILE` in PowerShell. For more information, see [How to create your profile](/powershell/module/microsoft.powershell.core/about/about_profiles#how-to-create-a-profile) and [Profiles and execution policy](/powershell/module/microsoft.powershell.core/about/about_profiles#profiles-and-execution-policy).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable tab completion in PowerShell, create or edit the profile stored in the variable `$PROFILE`. The simplest way is to run `notepad $PROFILE` in PowerShell. For more information, see [How to create your profile](/powershell/module/microsoft.powershell.core/about/about_profiles#how-to-create-a-profile) and [Profiles and execution policy](/powershell/module/microsoft.powershell.core/about/about_profiles#profiles-and-execution-policy).
```

Then add the following code to your PowerShell profile:

```powershell
Register-ArgumentCompleter -Native -CommandName az -ScriptBlock {
    param($commandName, $wordToComplete, $cursorPosition)
    $completion_file = New-TemporaryFile
    $env:ARGCOMPLETE_USE_TEMPFILES = 1
    $env:_ARGCOMPLETE_STDOUT_FILENAME = $completion_file
    $env:COMP_LINE = $wordToComplete
    $env:COMP_POINT = $cursorPosition
    $env:_ARGCOMPLETE = 1
    $env:_ARGCOMPLETE_SUPPRESS_SPACE = 0
    $env:_ARGCOMPLETE_IFS = "`n"
    az 2>&1 | Out-Null
    Get-Content $completion_file | Sort-Object | ForEach-Object {
        [System.Management.Automation.CompletionResult]::new($_, $_, "ParameterValue", $_)
    }
    Remove-Item $completion_file, Env:\_ARGCOMPLETE_STDOUT_FILENAME, Env:\ARGCOMPLETE_USE_TEMPFILES, Env:\COMP_LINE, Env:\COMP_POINT, Env:\_ARGCOMPLETE, Env:\_ARGCOMPLETE_SUPPRESS_SPACE, Env:\_ARGCOMPLETE_IFS
}
```

> To display all available options in the  menu, add `Set-PSReadlineKeyHandler -Key Tab -Function MenuComplete` to your PowerShell profile.

Reviewer 2: "a" sounds more natural to me.

```suggestion
To display all available options in a menu, add `Set-PSReadlineKeyHandler -Key Tab -Function MenuComplete` to your PowerShell profile.
```

> To get a bash like completion style, add `Set-PSReadlineKeyHandler -Key Tab -Function MenuComplete` in `$PROFILE`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To get a Bash-like completion style, add `Set-PSReadlineKeyHandler -Key Tab -Function MenuComplete` in `$PROFILE`.
```

Not exactly Bash-like. Bash doesn't allow selecting with arrow keys:

![image](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs-cli/assets/4003950/ed443e85-b839-4cbf-ad61-4b940f59d545)

but PowerShell does:

![image](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs-cli/assets/4003950/1dd8dd80-f9a6-45eb-9d13-282378f83e19)

Author: How about changing to "To display all available options in the menu"?

PS: The option sequence is different from mine.
![image](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs-cli/assets/2227874/45a31360-aa29-4380-a275-acdaddaeec77)
